
<p>
Welcome to PyFarm&#039;s wiki articles and documentation.  Here you will be able to access documentation relating to fields in technical information, how-to&#039;s, system requirements, and much more.  To start using PyFarm&#039;s wiki please use the menu to the left.
</p>



<h3><a name="about" id="about">About</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
You have entered the front page of PyFarm&#039;s wiki.  Here you can receive a basic overview of the structure of articles on this site.  As this wiki grows in size so will this page, check back soon!
</p>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "About" [256-468] -->
<h3><a name="reference" id="reference">Reference</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
The following are examples of documentation that will be used frequently throughout this wiki siet.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Python Source Code:</strong>

</p>
<pre class="code python"><span class="lno">1:</span> <span class="co1">#!/usr/bin/python</span>
<span class="lno">2:</span>
<span class="lno">3:</span> <span class="kw1">import</span> <span class="kw3">os</span>
<span class="lno">4:</span>
<span class="lno">5:</span> greeting = <span class="st0">&quot;This is some source code, <span class="es0">\n</span>much more info than the snippet example&quot;</span>
<span class="lno">6:</span>
<span class="lno">7:</span> <span class="kw1">print</span> <span class="st0">&quot;%s&quot;</span> <span class="sy0">%</span> greeting
</pre>
<p>
<strong>Python code snippet:</strong>

</p>
<pre class="code python"><span class="kw1">print</span> <span class="st0">&quot;This is a code snipped, short and to the point&quot;</span></pre>
<p>
<strong>Example Article Structure:</strong>
</p>
<ul>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Description</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Requirements</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Functions (if applicable)</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Purpose</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Input variables</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Processing</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Output type (if any) </div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Step by Step Example</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Conclusion</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> References (external links, etc.)</div>
<ul>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Source code</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Other tutorials</div>
</li>
<li class="level3"><div class="li"> Other wiki pages</div>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Reference" [469-1213] -->
<h3><a name="disclaimer" id="disclaimer">Disclaimer</a></h3>
<div class="level3">

<p>
PyFarm is an experimental program and has not been tested on all hardware.  Because of this the author cannot be held responsible should anything happen to your computer, program, or project.
</p>

<p>
<strong>Questions? Follow the procedure below:</strong>
</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Search this wiki</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Search the forums</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Search the blog</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Search the bug reports</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Google it</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> <em>Perform the above steps again (not kidding)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Contact the developer</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Disclaimer" [1214-] -->